ner.py:8:df = df[df['line_text'].str.contains("Easter ")]
lines_clean.csv:37:Act One,1,"We will not attempt to answer these questions, by the way, in this hour. I just want to just give you a sense of scope here, just modest scope. But what we want to talk about is what happened to Kevin Kelly. What happened is that at the age of 27, all of this changed when he came into Jerusalem on the eve of Easter and Passover. It was the same weekend. And flocks of people are coming into the city.",Ira Glass,host,00:07:39.45
lines_clean.csv:38:Act One,1,"So I entered Jerusalem on Easter with a simple expectation that I was going to photograph another religious ceremony, another religious festival. And then, for various reasons, I got locked out of my hostel room. They had a curfew. And I didn't make it back in time. And I was in quite a fix because I was a stranger in this very strange town. When it happened, I didn't have enough money to stay elsewhere, nor did I even have knowledge of where to go.",Kevin Kelly,host,00:08:05.95
lines_clean.csv:41:Act One,1,"I slept there until early morning, when the activity started to increase, and people started coming in. And I went out and followed the crowd where it was going when they were going out to the tombs area in Jerusalem. And I went out. And there were some folding chairs set up in front of this tomb area. And as the sun was coming up on that Easter morning, I was staring at empty tombs. And for a reason that I can not comprehend, as I sat on that chair contemplating this view of the early sun morning coming into the empty tombs, all that I had been wrestling with for the past many, many years in thinking about religion sort of became resolved in my mind. And at that very moment, I believed that Jesus Christ had, indeed, risen from those tombs.",Kevin Kelly,host,00:10:27.35
lines_clean.csv:2083:Act Two. Dad In The Closet,10,"Shall we take the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus in that context too, that your parents told you that this man is Santa Claus? Do you hate your parents or distrust your parents' judgment from that point on? When you were a child, you were given just enough information to live your life. They didn't tell you that the landlord's going to throw you out of the house. They didn't tell you that your father's going to lose his job. They didn't tell you a lot of the things that could hurt you, because they were your parents. Their job was to protect you.",Jerry Walters,subject,00:31:58.77
lines_clean.csv:10693:Act One. Die In Six Months,50,"But all that changed. When he was 27, he came into Jerusalem. It was the weekend of both Easter and Passover, and the city was flooded with tourists.",Ira Glass,host,00:05:11.59
lines_clean.csv:10694:Act One. Die In Six Months,50," So I entered Jerusalem on Easter with the simple expectation that I was going to photograph yet another religious ceremony, another religious festival. And then for various reasons I got locked out of my hostel room. They had a curfew, and I didn't make it back in time. And I was in quite a fix because I was a stranger in this very strange town. When it happened, I didn't have enough money to stay elsewhere, nor did I even have knowledge of where to go.",Kevin Kelly,subject,00:05:21.23
lines_clean.csv:10697:Act One. Die In Six Months,50,"I slept there until early morning, when the activities started to increase, and people started coming in. And I went out and followed the crowd where it was going when they were going out to the tombs area in Jerusalem. And I went out, and there were some folding chairs set up in front of this tomb area. And as the sun was coming up on that Easter morning, I was staring at empty tombs.",Kevin Kelly,subject,00:07:34.28
lines_clean.csv:13077:Act Four. Smugglers,60," We had Easter dinner at John's house. A big afternoon meal, which we ate in his backyard. Everyone had taken their places at the table, when I excused myself to visit the bathroom. And there, in the toilet, was the absolute biggest turd I have ever seen in my life, no toilet paper or anything, just this thick and coiled specimen.",David Sedaris,host,00:39:21.91
lines_clean.csv:13089:Act Four. Smugglers,60,"And then, we had Easter dinner at John's house on Irving. A big sit-down meal in daytime's unnerving. For me, anyway, I like to eat later. I took some roast lamb, a couple potaters, and carried my plate outside to the lawn, to a table he'd covered in bright pink chiffon. I'd had a few beers and a glass of chablis and thought, before eating, I might want to pee.",David Sedaris,host,00:43:50.68
lines_clean.csv:15125:Act One. Dead Letters,70,"I found a writing assignment by a local community college student in a totalled Chevy van. Apparently, he hadn't learned his lesson. James D., English 122, November 22, 1993. One, a car accident two years ago taught me the dangers of drinking and driving. A car accident, it's bad. Two, Who? Him and his buddies. What? Drove drunk. When? 11:30 PM, Easter eve. Where? Route 11. Why? Young, stupid, high on beer. Three, Yes, he answers all questions. Four, Monte Carlo Super Sport, night before Easter, Route 11. Five, Yes, it all leads up to driving drunk.",Richard Lyons,subject,00:10:49.24
lines_clean.csv:19004:Act Three. Based On A True Story,87,"But every now and then-- and it's rare-- once every blue moon, we come upon a marriage of the true-life miniseries and the holiday special. And that is what we in the television industry like to call art. Our viewers saw art last Easter with a two-part Somebody's on My Cross. And they saw it again in A Wishbone for Little Sleepy, in which a hardened gang member carjacks two Dutch tourists so that he can spend Thanksgiving on his grandfather's turkey farm. Oh, these programs both won Emmy awards on the basis of their hard-hitting portrayal of a typical American life.",Matt Malloy,host,00:45:30.32
lines_clean.csv:22990:Act One. Interracial Marriage,105,"We spent Christmas that first year at my grandparents' 80-acre farm with my mother's family. Dad saw how beautiful it was there, how perfect for us kids to run around and explore. We went back for Easter and then Thanksgiving and Christmas again and every year for the next eight years. We practically had forgot about my dad's family in Brooklyn. That's how my dad's sister, Bernice, remembers it.",Rich Robinson,host,00:21:15.02
lines_clean.csv:29434:Act Two. You'll Pay,135,"Crime blotter. The Athens Daily News, Athens, Georgia. Two juveniles mugged the Easter bunny at Georgia Square recently as he left the stage for a break. ""They came up to me, gave me a hug, and knocked my head back,"" said the battered bunny, a 19-year-old drama student at the University of Georgia. ""From what I was told, they were trying to take off the head,"" the bunny said. ""I experienced disorientation and a severe headache, resulting in a contusion."" Police took a dim view of the incident. They rounded up two suspects, ages 12 and 13, and booked them on charges of simple battery. ""It's a sad day when the Easter bunny can't appear in public without a security escort,"" said police sergeant [? Mike Brenner ?].",Matt Malloy,host,00:39:50.10
lines_clean.csv:29763:Act Two. The Family That Reads Together,137,"The book went from Lisa to our 11-year-old sister, Gretchen, who interpreted it as a startling nonfiction expose on the American middle class. ""I'm pretty sure this exact same thing is going on right here in North Hills,"" she whispered, tucking the book beneath the artificial grass of her Easter basket. ""Take the Sherman family, for example. Just last week, I saw Heidi sticking her hands down Steve Junior's pants."" ""The guy has two broken arms,"" I said. ""She was probably just tucking in his shirt."" ""Would you ask one of us to tuck in your shirt?"" she asked. She had a point. A careful study suggested that the Shermans were not the people they pretended to be. The father was often seen tugging at his crotch, and the wife had a disturbing habit of looking you straight in the eye while sniffing her fingers. A veil had been lifted, especially for Gretchen, who now saw the world as a steaming pit of unbridled sexuality.",David Sedaris,host,00:19:29.34
lines_clean.csv:32061:Prologue,148,"Well, today on our program, we bring you stories about Santa and the many, many ways in which he is seen. Act One, The Red Velvet Underground, in which one brave man heads out into the desert to wrestle with a devil named Claus. Act Two, If This Sleigh is A-Rockin', Don't Come A-Knockin', in which Sarah Vowell explains why so many pop songs show Santa getting all jiggy. Act Three, It Takes a Nation of Santas to Hold Us Back, a story of two little boys and a man that they hope at least has some pull with Santa. Act Four, Santa in Handcuffs, Prometheus in Chains, in which we are proud to present an all-new story of The Most Fantastic Crimefighter The World Has Ever Known, who single-handedly heads from department store to department store to stop a red and white menace. Act Five, Santa Versus the Easter Bunny, in which writer David Sedaris tries to promote cross-cultural understanding-- so badly needed everywhere these days, my friend-- for the holiday season. Stay with us.",Ira Glass,host,00:06:18.62
lines_clean.csv:32188:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Act Five, Santa Claus Versus the Easter Bunny. A while back, writer David Sedaris moved to France, where he enrolled in a school to study French. He was the only American there. As he explained to an audience at City Arts and Lectures in San Francisco, the teacher could be kind of mean.",Ira Glass,host,00:47:16.61
lines_clean.csv:32189:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Oh, she would throw chalk at people, and stabbed someone in the eye with a pencil one day, and would hold your homework paper over your head and show everyone the mistakes that you made. So I wrote a story about her. And she read it, and I got thrown out of school.",David Sedaris,host,00:47:35.04
lines_clean.csv:32190:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"This is another story about her, and about the big religious holidays, and the sheer arbitrariness of the way we celebrate sometimes. Easter eggs, Santa filling the stockings, all the non-religious icons.",Ira Glass,host,00:47:54.00
lines_clean.csv:32191:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Printed in our textbooks was a brief list of major holidays alongside a scattered arrangement of photos capturing French people in the act of celebration. The object was to match the holiday with the corresponding picture. Today's discussion was dominated by a Russian nanny, two chatty Poles, and a pouty, plump Moroccan woman who had grown up speaking French and had enrolled in the class hoping to improve her spelling.",David Sedaris,host,00:48:07.92
lines_clean.csv:32192:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"She had covered these lessons back in the third grade, and took every opportunity to demonstrate her superiority. She had recently transferred to the class. And we could not wait until she was booted up to her appropriate level. Midway through the first day, she had raised her hand so many times her shoulder had given out. Now she just leaned back in her seat and shouted the answers, her bronzed arms folded across her chest like some great grammar genie.",David Sedaris,host,00:48:33.61
lines_clean.csv:32193:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"We had finished discussing New Year's Eve, and the teacher had moved on to Easter, which was represented in our textbook by a black and white photograph of a chocolate bell lying upon a bed of palm fronds. ""And what does one do on Easter? Would anyone like to tell us?"" It was, for me, another one of those holidays I'd just as soon avoid.",David Sedaris,host,00:49:03.76
lines_clean.csv:32194:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Growing up, my family had generally ignored the Easter celebrated by our non-Orthodox friends and neighbors, leading to the suspicion that we might be either Jews or Communists. As Greeks, we had our own Easter which was usually observed anywhere from two to four weeks after what was known in our circle as ""the American version."" The reason had to do with the moon or the Orthodox calendar, something mysterious like that. Though our mother always suspected it was scheduled at a later date so that the Greeks could buy their marshmallow chicks and plastic grass at drastically reduced sale prices. ""The cheap sons of bitches,"" she'd say, ""If they had their way, we'd be celebrating Christmas in the middle of god damn February.""",David Sedaris,host,00:49:25.18
lines_clean.csv:32195:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"A brave Italian was attempting to answer the teacher's latest question, when the Moroccan student interrupted, shouting, ""Excuse me, but what's an Easter?"" Despite having grown up in a Muslim country, it seems she might have heard it mentioned once or twice, but no. ""I mean it,"" she said, ""I have no idea what you people are talking about."" The teacher then called upon the rest of us to explain. The Poles led the charge to the best of their ability.",David Sedaris,host,00:50:13.75
lines_clean.csv:32196:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"""It is,"" said one, ""a party for the little boy of God who call hisself Jesus and-- you know, like that."" She faltered, and her fellow countrymen came to her aid. ""He call hisself Jesus, and then he die one day on two morsels of lumber.""",David Sedaris,host,00:50:43.87
lines_clean.csv:32197:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"The rest of the class jumped in, offering bits of information that would have given the Pope an aneurysm. ""He die one day. And then he go above of my head to live with your father."" ""He weared the long hair. And after he died the first day, he come back here for to say hello to the peoples."" ""He nice. He make the good thing. And on the Easter, we be sad, because someone made him dead today.""",David Sedaris,host,00:51:13.02
lines_clean.csv:32198:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Part of the problem had to do with grammar. Simple nouns, such as ""cross"" and ""Resurrection,"" were beyond our grasp, let alone such complicated reflexive verbs as ""to give of yourself your only begotten son."" Faced with the challenge of explaining the cornerstone of Christianity, we did what any self-respecting group of people might do. We talked about food instead.",David Sedaris,host,00:51:53.20
lines_clean.csv:32199:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"""Easter is a party for to eat of the lamb,"" an Italian student explained. ""One, too, may eat of the chocolate."" ""And who brings the chocolate?"" The teacher asked. I knew the word, and so I raised my hand saying, ""The rabbit of Easter."" ""He bring of the chocolate.""",David Sedaris,host,00:52:28.10
lines_clean.csv:32200:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,My classmates reacted as though I had pinned the delivery on a house cat. They were mortified. A rabbit? A rabbit?,David Sedaris,host,00:53:01.73
lines_clean.csv:32201:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"The teacher, assuming I had used the wrong word, positioned her index fingers on top of her head, wiggling them as though they were ears. ""You mean one of these? A rabbit, rabbit?"" ""Well, sure,"" I said, ""he come in the night when one sleep on a bed. With a hand, he have the basket, like for a bread.""",David Sedaris,host,00:53:16.67
lines_clean.csv:32202:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"The Moroccan rolled her eyes, and the teacher sadly shook her head as if this explained everything that was wrong with my country. ""No, no,"" she said, ""here in France, the chocolate is brought by a big bell that flies in from Rome."" I called for a time-out. ""But how do the bell know where you live?"" ""Well,"" she said, ""how does a rabbit?"" It was a decent point, but at least a rabbit has eyes. That's a start.",David Sedaris,host,00:53:44.72
lines_clean.csv:32203:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Rabbits move from place to place, while most bells can only go back and forth. And they can't even do that on their own power. On top of that, the Easter bunny has character. He's someone you'd like to meet. A bell has all the personality of a cast iron skillet. It's like saying that come Christmas, a magic dust pan flies in from the North Pole, led by eight flying cinder blocks.",David Sedaris,host,00:54:27.78
lines_clean.csv:32204:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Who wants to stay up all night, so they can see a bell? And why fly one in from Rome when they've got more bells than they know what to do with right there in Paris? That's the most implausible aspect of the whole story. Because there's no way the bells of France would allow a foreign worker to fly in. There's no way the bells of France would allow a foreign worker to fly in and take their job. That Roman bell would be lucky to get work cleaning up after a French bell's dog.",David Sedaris,host,00:54:55.10
lines_clean.csv:32205:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,And how does a bell hold the candy if it doesn't have any arms? How does it get into your house without being heard? It just didn't add up. I suppose similar questions could be asked of the Easter bunny. I had just never thought about it that hard.,David Sedaris,host,00:55:31.14
lines_clean.csv:32206:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Nothing we said was of any help whatsoever to the Moroccan woman. Clearly disgusted, she just sat there, her lips positioned as if to spit. I wondered then if, without the language barrier, my classmates and I could have done a better job making sense of Christianity, an idea that sounds pretty far-fetched to begin with. In communicating any religious belief, the operative word is faith, a concept illustrated by our very presence in that classroom. Why bother struggling with the lessons of a six-year-old if each of us didn't believe that, against all reason, we might eventually improve? I'm not sure how that fits in with the Resurrection, but if I could hope to one day carry on a fluent conversation, it was a relatively short leap to believing that a rabbit might visit my home in the middle of the night, leaving behind a handful of chocolate kisses and a carton of menthol cigarettes. A bell though, that's [BLEEP] up.",David Sedaris,host,00:55:48.15
lines_clean.csv:32207:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,"Here, I had spent all this time feeling intimidated by French people and for nothing. The next time the teacher humiliated me or someone at the market gave me a hard time, I'd just roll my eyes like the Moroccan woman, thinking, ""Well, what can you do with a nation of people who'll apparently believe in anything?""",David Sedaris,host,00:56:57.31
lines_clean.csv:32208:Act Five. Santa Claus Vs. The Easter Bunny,148,Writer David Sedaris.,Ira Glass,host,00:57:21.97
lines_clean.csv:33221:Act Three. The Boy Who Would Be A Helicopter,153,"Once changes begin, they happen fast. In one week in April, Jason is a she-baby airplane on Monday, a smaller person looking for Easter eggs on Tuesday, a morning and night boy on Wednesday, an angry fighting person on Thursday. And on Friday, he finds a remarkable new role for his helicopter that takes my breath away in admiration and wonder.",Vivian Paley,host,00:54:35.11
lines_clean.csv:49421:Act Four. The Cinema Of Upward Mobility,225,"Holidays like Easter Sunday, when we hunted for eggs the Bunny hid on the first floor of our house.",Susan Burton,host,00:38:26.02
lines_clean.csv:53597:"Act Two. Scrapbook, The Verb",243," Each scrapbook is several inches thick and bound in leather. They're like some mutant cross between a photo album and a journal. On one page, portraits of Maddie in a flowery, Easter dress and sun hat are matted on yellow and green, acid-free, archival quality papers. Then, cascading down into these abundant piles at the bottom of the page, are purple and yellow pansies, hundreds of them that Timi pressed from her own yard.",Kim Meyer,host,00:35:56.80
lines_clean.csv:59475:Act One. Government Says The Darnedest Things,267,"We had Easter dinner at John's house, a big afternoon meal which we ate in his backyard. Everyone had taken their places at the table when I excused myself to visit the bathroom. And there, in the toilet, was the absolute biggest turd I have ever seen in my life. No toilet paper or anything, just this thick and coiled specimen. I flushed the toilet, and the big turd [? rousted ?] around. It budged and bobbed a little, but that was it. This thing wasn't going anywhere.",David Sedaris,subject,00:27:45.99
lines_clean.csv:64583:Prologue,289,"Have you been in the desert? Did the Easter Bunny send you an Easter basket? If he did, you better make sure there are no lizards in it. Dad, when are you going to coming back up to stay? I'm anxious to see you or at least hear your voice. Yeah, send me a tape, Dad.",Child Aric,subject,00:01:41.23
lines_clean.csv:88055:Act One. Chasing Amy,389,"As we drive around looking for Amy's new house, I realize I do know something about [? Waleed. ?] Amy called me a couple weeks after they met and said she was seeing this new guy and that he had a really big-- you know. But when the phone call came on Easter Sunday that Amy had run off and married some Muslim from Tunis no one had met, I didn't think, everybody stay calm, I talked to Amy about this guy two weeks ago, he's got a big penis, would quiet my parents' concerns.",Jeanne Darst,host,00:14:29.18
lines_clean.csv:92183:Act One. Confession,404,"Act One: Confession. It's Easter week. Pope Benedict has been facing a lot of criticism with allegations that he didn't adequately discipline priests who were accused of sexual abuse, back before Pope Benedict was a Pope, back when he was an Archbishop and a Cardinal. So we've decided to revisit a story that we first broadcast in 2003, about a young American priest who was sent out on a series of jobs by church administrators to squelch some scandals. Scandals not too different from the ones that are surfacing in the news right now. But spending time out among the people who he's supposed to be deceiving, the priest finds it harder and harder to keep doing his job. Carl Marziali tells the story from Los Angeles.",Ira Glass,host,00:02:29.97
lines_clean.csv:96111:Act Two.,419,"At closing, DeAngelus placed brightly colored plastic eggs into a basket, one by one, and explained that each egg represented reasonable doubt and a chance to redeem. It was Easter time he reasoned, a time of hope, a time of renewal, a time that if you're a Christian and dead, you're going to come back to life.",Sarah Koenig,host,00:48:48.30
lines_clean.csv:97401:Act One. When I Grow Up,425,"When I was seven, I no longer believed in the Easter Bunny or the Tooth Fairy. But from that night on, I had no such doubts about the bogeyman.",David Holthouse,host,00:12:00.38
lines_clean.csv:98480:Act One,429,"In April, when Ralph wrote to tell me that Jake Hadgemat died, he didn't go into detail about how. And when I wrote back, I didn't go into detail about painting Easter eggs with the kids. In July, when the 216 was being attacked several times a day, I didn't dwell on my own drama, that the kids and I were driving home from out of state and the car died. And in September, I didn't tell him much about the Colonel's wife who'd approached me and asked. ""How are you doing?"" ""I'm doing OK."" ""Are you sure?"" ""Yes."" ""Are you sure?"" ""Yes. I'm doing OK."" ""No you're not. You're not doing OK.""",Stephanie,subject,00:24:06.43
lines_clean.csv:122697:Act One. Do You Hear What I Hear,516,"And he's like, dude, if you send this over and give us permission to do this, we can make this the default. I think I can get this in. And it was like putting an Easter egg in a DVD or software. Just like a little hidden gem that, oh yeah, the next time you're on hold, it might be my music. I just thought it would be a cool piece of trivia.",Tim Carleton,subject,00:22:35.89
lines_clean.csv:134912:Act One. Do You Hear What I Hear,553,"And he's like, dude, if you send this over and give us permission to do this, we can make this the default. I think I can get this in. And it was like putting an Easter egg in a DVD or software-- just like a little hidden gem that, oh yeah, the next time you're on hold, it might be my music. I just thought it would be a cool piece of trivia.",Tim Carleton,subject,00:22:34.55
lines_clean.csv:145845:Act Three. Forget Me? Not,585,"April 19, which was Easter weekend, 2014, everything just kind of went downhill. And so then it all fell apart, you know?",Joey Degrandis,subject,00:46:46.26
